(a)

[master 4864dd9] Updating status.txt with message from 'git status' command
 1 file changed, 4 insertions(+)
Nicks-MacBook-Pro-2:Assignment1 nickloffer$ git push
Counting objects: 4, done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 468 bytes | 468.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/TheLoff/Assignment1.git
   c18da1d..4864dd9  master -> master]

(b)

7 

git rev-list --all --count or --log-size 

(c)

Date:   Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500
 git log -- .gitignore

(d)

Allows for multiple people to work on the same or different problems
of the main code at the same time without having to wait. "In parallel"

Allows code to be tested and verified by others before merging code. 

(e)

Git Log is list of actions (commits) performed. 

Git status shows the state of any directory including all branches. Shows what files the user has staged, un-staged, and untracked 


f) 

git log --Weapon.h  - generic git log --<file>

(G)

git log --grep=file


(h)

Inheritance - a derived class receiving data and methods from it's ancestors starting with the base class. Some languages allow for multiple inheritance where child classes
can receive methods/data from multiple classes - Java allows this. C++ doesn't.

Polymorphism - the ability of a child class to take methods from a parent class and apply
new definitions. They can share the same header, but perform different calculations or actions depending on the class - this can be done via overloading or overwriting the method. 

Encapsulation - Specific data is paired with specific methods that operate on said
data within its own class that hides access to the data from the user or other classes that do not need direct access to the data. 

(i)  Integration management, the manager pulls and reconciles conflicts from
the developers public repository when branches of code are merged. 

In the Dictator/LT format the developers work is pushed to LT's who do some conflict resolution, and then pushed to the Dictator for final approval. 

(j)  There is no managerial hierarchy in a centralized workflow to give structure to logical lines of operations.  IE there is no agreed upon plan, no delegation of workflows, no precedence of tasks.

Developers will be competing for their vision of how to resolve a conflict. This will lead to disruption to planning, competing implementation of code, and issues between employees.  


OOP question: 

The game is using both polymorphism and encapsulation.  There are many types
of weapons which all derive from the same base class, but have different functionality although they follow the same basic format for their data, ie damage, and specific actions. This allows for commonality, reusable formats, and a structure for other developers to use.

The data is encapsulated as there is no direct access to the data by the user.  Weapons are created through a weaponsFactory class and there is no direct public method to set/access the data on the weapons.  







